"pktiuk" (since August 2020) I just want to ensure, that this very useful piece of software will not be abandoned, I decided to continue providing support for this project and make it as widely accessible as possible.

"juliagoda" (since March, 2018 until 2020) Wanting only to play my favourite old games that din't support gamepads, I found this project (which map keyboard keys and mouse buttons to connected gamepads on Linux) as most proper and recent. But because of poor choices of such application on the internet and since it didn't compile properly, I decided to rescue the project. However, once I finished my work (enough to enjoy playing games) I thought about sharing this code with others. Of course all information about past programmers will be held.

"Ryochan7" (since December 30, 2012 until 2017), I have been working on AntiMicro in my spare time. What originally started as a fork of QJoyPad and a way to learn proper event-driven programming has turned into something much bigger than I originally intended. Although I have spent a lot of time learning new techniques, finding out more about the domain of KB+M emulation, and spending Friday nights bashing my head against my keyboard, it has been a fun and enriching experience overall.

The need for this program came from me using similar programs on Windows to play several games that did not provide native controller support. Although some alternatives existed on Linux, there wasn't really anything that I felt was good enough in terms of functionality or in-game controls in order to really enjoy games that I wanted to play with using KB+M emulation. QJoyPad was the main program that I had used in the past although it had aged a lot and it didn't provide some basic functionality that I thought was essential. The project was dead as it had not been updated in several years so I decided to make my own.

Since then, I have tried to find out what the other programs do right and then improve upon it. I have also discovered some neat tricks along the way and I have learned more about how native gamepad controls are implemented in some games than I ever really wanted to know. Although there are definitely areas where this program could improve, I find that this program offers the best in-game control experience for playing older, and some newer, games that do not provide native controller support.

Development of this program is not as high of a priority for me anymore. This is mainly due to the fact that the Steam Controller works pretty well for the task of playing PC games compared to using an Xbox 360 controller. However, it does look like there is still a reason for this program to exist for a while.

---

As of May 24, 2016, this project has moved to https://github.com/AntiMicro/antimicro. 
Additionally, project management has passed from Travis (Ryochan7) to the AntiMicro organization due to Travis having other interests and priorities.
As next, project has been continued since 2018 by juliagoda on antimicroX project. 
Later project has been once more moved to https://github.com/AntiMicroX/antimicrox and it's its maintenance is continued by organisation AntiMicroX created by pktiuk.
